Introduction
------------

E-commerce is fast gaining ground as an accepted and used business paradigm. More and more business houses are implementing web sites providing functionality for performing commercial transactions over the web. It is reasonable to say that the process of shopping on the web is becoming commonplace. Although the terms e-commerce and e-business are often used interchangeably, there are differences. E-commerce is the buying and selling of goods and services on the Internet. Any brick and mortar store can become an e-commerce business by adding a virtual storefront with an online catalogue. In most cases, e-business refers exclusively to internet businesses, but it may also refer to any business that uses Internet technology to improve productivity and profitability. Online shopping is the process consumers go through to purchase products or Services over the internet. An online shop, e-shopping, e-store, internet shop, web shop, web store, online store, or virtual store evokes the physical analogy of buying products or services. The metaphor of an online catalog is also used, by analogy with mail order catalogs. All types of stores have retail web sites, including those that do and do not also have physical storefronts and paper catalogs. Online shopping is a type of electronic commerce used business-to-consumer (B2C) transactions.

An online store is a virtual store on the Internet where customers can browse the catalog and select products of interest. The selected items may be collected in a shopping cart. At checkout time, the items in the shopping cart will be presented as an order. At that time, more information will be needed to complete the transaction. Usually, the customer will be asked to fill or select a billing address, a shipping address and payment information. An e-mail notification is sent to the customer as soon as the order is placed.

The objective of this project is to develop a general purpose e-commerce store where any kind of product can be bought from the comfort of home through the Internet. Sellor is a modular, high performance e-commerce storefront built with Python and Django. An open source storefront platform for perfectionists. Written in Python. Best served as a bespoke, high-performance e-Commerce solution.
